\section{Content}
%%
The Project Description should provide a clear statement of the work
to be undertaken and must include: objectives for the period of the
proposed work and expected significance; relation to longer-term goals
of the PI's project; and relation to the present state of knowledge in
the field, to work in progress by the PI under other support and to
work in progress elsewhere.

The Project Description should outline the general plan of work,
including the broad design of activities to be undertaken, and, where
appropriate, provide a clear description of experimental methods and
procedures. Proposers should address what they want to do, why they
want to do it, how they plan to do it, how they will know if they
succeed, and what benefits could accrue if the project is
successful. The project activities may be based on previously
established and/or innovative methods and approaches, but in either
case must be well justified. These issues apply to both the technical
aspects of the proposal and the way in which the project may make
broader contributions.

In order to have something in the bibliography, cite this
\citep{Rees1977}.



\section{Time Line and Management Plan}
%%
Plans for data management and sharing of the products of research,
including preservation, documentation, and sharing of data, samples,
physical collections, curriculum materials and other related research
and education products should be described in the Special Information
and Supplementary Documentation section of the proposal (see GPG
Chapter II.C.2.j for additional instructions for preparation of this
section).



\section{Broader Impacts of the Proposed Work}
%%
The Project Description must contain, as a separate section within the
narrative, a section labeled "Broader Impacts of the Proposed
Work". This section should provide a discussion of the broader impacts
of the proposed activities. Broader impacts may be accomplished
through the research itself, through the activities that are directly
related to specific research projects, or through activities that are
supported by, but are complementary to the project. NSF values the
advancement of scientific knowledge and activities that contribute to
the achievement of societally relevant outcomes. Such outcomes
include, but are not limited to: full participation of women, persons
with disabilities, and underrepresented minorities in science,
technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM); improved STEM
education and educator development at any level; increased public
scientific literacy and public engagement with science and technology;
improved well-being of individuals in society; development of a
diverse, globally competitive STEM workforce; increased partnerships
between academia, industry, and others; improved national security;
increased economic competitiveness of the United States; and enhanced
infrastructure for research and education.



\section{Results from Previous NSF Support}
%%
If any PI or co-PI identified on the project has received NSF funding
(including any current funding) in the past five years, information on
the award(s) is required, irrespective of whether the support was
directly related to the proposal or not. In cases where the PI or
co-PI has received more than one award (excluding amendments), they
need only report on the one award most closely related to the
proposal. Funding includes not just salary support, but any funding
awarded by NSF. The following information must be provided:

\begin{itemize}
\item[(a)] the NSF award number, amount and period of support

\item[(b)] the title of the project

\item[(c)] a summary of the results of the completed work, including
  accomplishments, supported by the award. The results must be
  separately described under two distinct headings, Intellectual Merit
  and Broader Impacts;

\item[(d)] a listing of the publications resulting from the NSF award
  (a complete bibliographic citation for each publication must be
  provided either in this section or in the References Cited section
  of the proposal); if none, state "No publications were produced
  under this award."

\item[(e)] evidence of research products and their availability,
  including, but not limited to: data, publications, samples, physical
  collections, software, and models, as described in any Data
  Management Plan; and

\item[(f)] if the proposal is for renewed support, a description of
  the relation of the completed work to the proposed work.
\end{itemize}

Reviewers will be asked to comment on the quality of the prior work
described in this section of the proposal. Please note that the
proposal may contain up to five pages to describe the results. Results
may be summarized in fewer than five pages, which would give the
balance of the 15 pages for the Project Description.
